gh-119786: remove part of devguide documentation which is duplicated in InternalDocs (#1334)
python/devguide: internals/interpreter.rst

However, if an exception is raised in a ``try`` block, the interpreter must jump to the corresponding ``except`` or ``finally`` block.
In 3.10 and before, there was a separate "block stack" which was used to keep track of nesting ``try`` blocks.

> In 3.11, this mechanism has been replaced by a statically generated table, ``code->co_exceptiontable``, which is described in detail [here](https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/main/InternalDocs/exception_handling.md).

Reviewer: Three comments:
* The link should use rst syntax instead of md (should `sphinx-lint` try to detect this?);
* Even though this document seems to be an exception, shorter lines are preferred;
* Using "here" as a link text should be avoided -- ideally the text should descri.be the content of the link whenever possible

However, if an exception is raised in a ``try`` block, the interpreter must jump to the corresponding ``except`` or ``finally`` block.
In 3.10 and before, there was a separate "block stack" which was used to keep track of nesting ``try`` blocks.
In 3.11, this mechanism has been replaced by a statically generated table, ``code->co_exceptiontable``,

> which is described in detail in the :cpy-file:`internals documentation <InternalDocs/exception_handling.md>`.

Reviewer: Hmm, that didn't quite work -- apparently `:cpy-file:` only supports the actual filename being linked.

There are two options:
```suggestion
which is described in detail in the internals documentation at :cpy-file:`<InternalDocs/exception_handling.md>`.
```
or just a regular external link:
```suggestion
which is described in detail in the `internals documentation
<https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/main/InternalDocs/exception_handling.md>`_.
```

However, if an exception is raised in a ``try`` block, the interpreter must jump to the corresponding ``except`` or ``finally`` block.
In 3.10 and before, there was a separate "block stack" which was used to keep track of nesting ``try`` blocks.

> In 3.11, this mechanism has been replaced by a statically generated table, ``code->co_exceptiontable``, which
> is described in detail in the
> `internals documentation`<https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/main/InternalDocs/exception_handling.md>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 3.11, this mechanism has been replaced by a statically generated table, ``code->co_exceptiontable``,
which is described in detail in the :cpy-file:`internals documentation <InternalDocs/exception_handling.md>`.
```
This can probably use `:cpy-file:`.
